Tweak CFP docs and templates (#1660)
writethedocs/www: docs/organizer-guide/confs/cfp.rst

CFP timeline
------------

PLan to end the Call for Proposals around **3 months** prior to the conference.
This gives speakers plenty of time to book travel, but also keeps the topics fresh
and ensures the speakers are still passionate about them.

After the CFP ends, give reviewers 1 week to review all the talk proposals.

> After this, we will have rate them following the below process, and have the final

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this, the reviewers will rate them following the below process, and have the final
```

> After the CFP ends, give reviewers 1 week to review all the talk proposals.
> After this, we will have rate them following the below process, and have the final

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the CFP ends, give reviewers 1 week to review all the talk proposals.
After this, the reviewers rate the proposals following the review guidelines, and hold the final
```
Why yes now you have two different suggestions. "the below process" `<shudder>` no matter where it appears. Optionally, link to the section, since it's quite a ways down the page.

> group meeting where we talk through the final schedule

Reviewer 3: Just a minor note that this sentence needs a final period.

> group meeting where we talk through the final schedule

Author: ```suggestion
group meeting where we talk through the final schedule.
```

How to write a CFP?
-------------------

Announcing [conf name] Call for Proposals

>    Say hi and don't forget to mention when is the conference and when will close the CFP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Say hi and don't forget to mention when the conference is and when the the CFP will close.
```

Conference Goals
   Invite everyone who care about docs to contribute!
Topic ideas
   To help potential speakers find a topic, list different subjects that make good talks. Add a few links to previous talks: it will help people get a better idea of what you want.
Presentation format
   Format is 30 minutes but invite people to contact you if they want to do something longer/shorter.
Speaker Benefits and Logistics
   Say if you cover ticket, travel cost and lodging for speakers.

> Question?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Questions?
```

Each member of the review committee will need:

* Access to `Pretalx <https://pretalx.com>`__
* Around 6 hours of time for proposal review
* (Optional) Review meeting (usually two hours)

Reviewing starts as soon as there are propsals to review, although most proposals usually come in in the last week or so.

> We usually end the Call for Proposals around 8 weeks before conference, aim to hold the review meeting within one week, and give the speakers around a week to confir,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We usually end the Call for Proposals around 8 weeks before the conference, aim to hold the review meeting within one week, and give the speakers around a week to confirm, then reach out to alternates if needed.
```

We encourage our reviewers to comment on each proposal as well as rate them, since it makes for a much more productive review meeting.

Reviewing Guidelines
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Grade the quality of each proposal on a 5 to 1 grading scale for overall content, originality, relevance, and speaker(s):

1. I will argue strongly against including this in the program.
2. I'm not a fan, but it wouldn't be the end of the world if we included this.
3. (DO NOT USE. Three means you don't have an opinion. We don't believe you. No threes.)
4. This is a decent talk. I'd be cool with including it.
5. I will fight to make sure this talk is included in the program.

Reminders:

* Leave comments for each proposal you review, with the reasons for your score.
* Do not leave a score of 3.

Review Process Best Practices
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Time Commitment**

>    Please plan on committing 4-6 hours total to review all of the submissions in your track, depending on the amount you have been assigned. Aim to do 10-15 sessions at a time then take a break. This helps prevent burnout and allows you to see more proposals with fresh eyes.

Reviewer 3: By "sessions" do you mean maybe "10-15 minutes a session at a time" instead? Or do you mean "10-15 proposals at a time" then take a break?

Reviewer 3: Also, for fun you could mention that this suggestion is based on the Pomodoro Technique and link out to the Wikipedia article about it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique

(This is just a suggestion and I'll be totally fine if you disregard that suggestion, but I decided to pull out my Pomodoro timer when I read this because it made me think of it!)

>    Please plan on committing 4-6 hours total to review all of the submissions in your track, depending on the amount you have been assigned. Aim to do 10-15 sessions at a time then take a break. This helps prevent burnout and allows you to see more proposals with fresh eyes.

Author: ```suggestion
   Please plan on committing 4-6 hours total to review all of the submissions in your track, depending on the amount of submissions. Aim to do a few at a time then take a break. This helps prevent burnout and allows you to see more proposals with fresh eyes. Some folks have found the `Pomodoro Technique <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique>`__ for this.
```
